From hanselminutes.com. It's Hanselman.
It's a weekly discussion with
web developer and technologists. Scott
Hanselman. This is Lawrence Ryan announcing
show number two 46. Recorded
live Thursday, December 23rd, 2010. Support for
Hansel minutes is provided by
Telerik rad controls, the most
comprehensive suite of components for
windows forms and asp.net web
applications. online@wwwdottelerik.com. In this episode
of Hansel minutia, Scott talks
with Richard Campbell about wind phone,
seven Kindle connect and more.
Hi, this is Scott Hanselman
and this is another episode
of Hansel minutes. It is
Christmas. It is in two
days. How are you? Where's
your Campbell? I am fine.
My friend. It's good to
talk to you. It's nice
to talk to you, sir.
I haven't talked to you
in a million years. We've
been all scary, busy running
around, you know, doing real
work and stuff. Yeah, it's
a, it has been a
little bit wacky. This, this,
this year. And of course
last night was a little
wacky for me. Cause it's
Christmas. I was trying to
put together something, putting together
a gift. I strained myself,
assembling exercise equipment. That's a
little ironic. I think it's
exactly ironic. I think it's,
Alannis Morissette ironic. It is.
I should've limbered up while
putting together the exercise machine
and I pulled something and
you know, you know, you're
really old when you're, when
you're damaging your hips. And
I'm like, I woke up
today and I'm like, Oh
my hip. I've pulled something
in my hip and I'm
hoping, I don't know what's
next. I think what I'm
you wouldn't otherwise ake
there, but now you do
only old people have bad
hips and I'm old now.
And I haven't been here
you go. It's all I
can think of. I just,
I'm speaking of stressing hips,
I've just committed to going
to Nepal again in the
spring. So that'll be walking
uphill and downhill for 14
days. Oh my goodness. Do
you like doing this kind
of stuff or do you
regret it once you've made
the, when you, when you
put the plan, like, I
know I'm old, I put
the plan in place and
I go, no, what am
I doing? It's one of
those things where if I
don't have a big goal,
I just can't get excited
about it. Exercise. And you
know, having to walk at
high altitude day after day
after day is a good
goal. And the place we're
going is an area called
the kingdom of low, which
is right up against the
Tibet border. So it will
be an incredible experience to
see it. And it is
part of the adventure. Wow.
Yeah. See, I've just exhausted
to even think of that.
It's funny how I don't
know about you, but I
mean, I can't make travel
plans unless I will. Well
rested. I find, I usually
Want to make travel plans
while traveling once I'm home
for a while, then I
don't want to make travel
plan. Oh yeah. I'm on,
I mean, I'm honestly on
vacation right now. I'm on
a three week vacation and
it's glorious. It's like, it's
like retirement. I mean, I
have nothing to do. It's
awesome. Yeah. I don't know
that feeling. I'm not good
at having nothing to do.
It never seems to work
for me. You're actually the
worst at that of all
the people. I know you
are the worst at vacation.
Well, once I got a
few weeks at home, which
is typically around this season,
I mean, there's some shopping
to do some, you know,
gifts to buy and so
forth. But mostly I've been
servicing computers and doing spring
conference planning. And I mean,
having a great time, I'm
doing all this stuff. I
like, but they said not
having anything to do. I
really don't understand it. It
can be. I'm still trying
to figure out what I
want to do when I
can eventually do nothing. I
think it might be teaching
teaching at the high school
level. But then I understand
that they work really hard.
So that's not good. I
feel like I am retired,
which I think most people
would think is crazy, but
I only work on stuff.
I really like. So isn't
that retirement. I have always
thought of retirement as being
just sleeping a lot and
I like waiting to die.
I don't know. I think
retirement is just nice having
enough money where you can
do whatever you want to
and presumably having enough money
that your kids can do
whatever they want to. Now,
when you wake up in
the morning and your bills
are already paid, that's a
good place to be. Yeah,
absolutely. Absolutely. Like that place.
What a, what kind of
a gadget purchasing have you
been doing? Have you got
any holiday gift giving ideas
for us? Shockingly Microsoft centric
this year. I mean, when
phone seven, I'm in love
with Now, you're not just
saying that because you are
a known Microsoft shell. I
am Microsoft shell. And, but
you know, what's been blew
my mind with the Samsung
focus was my daughters who
have iPhones are trying to
steal them. I got one
for my wife and for
me and they want them
and it, and I realized
why it's the best Facebook
phone. I think Microsoft's missed
and marketing opportunity here, makeup
pink phone, sell it to
teenage girls. Didn't they do
that and call it the
Canon and kill it. Yeah,
Yeah. But then that wasn't
that good a phone. This
is a vastly superior phone.
And, and, but it's the,
the Facebook centric, miss of
it is amazing. I mean,
the rest of it, it's
just a, you know, a
good phone. It does all
the things. Although I find
iPhone people, folks who are
deeply into their iPhone, it's
still not good enough. That's
it apps you missing? That's
the thing that You're, you
you've actually nailed it because
people keep asking me what
I think. And I, I
think I have a very
complicated opinion because I'm a
Microsoft employee, which means that
no one trusts me for
anything. I can't say anything
about any, I haven't, I'm
not allowed to have an
opinion about anything. There's something
in Microsoft word. And I've
got a 3g, a three
GS and iPhone for an
iPad, blah, blah, blah, blah,
blah. You know, Steve jobs.
Yay. And You are, your
world is an iTunes centric.
Actually it's a Zune centric
world from a music perspective.
I'm all about the Zune.
And of course I'm not
allowed to have that opinion
either I've stopped right? Throwing
Steve money for, for music
a long time ago, I
switched over to the, the
Zune pass and we have
music streaming all over the
house and I got the
zoon in the car and
blah, blah, blah. It's the
leasing music is where it's
at and I'll buy. Cause
you know, the deal with
the Zune, right? It's 15
bucks a month and you
get 10 songs a month.
So I can buy 10
songs, which is basically a
CD and I can listen
to whatever I want to.
So I listened to a
lot more music and I
can experiment more because I
don't have to worry about,
you know, actually paying, but
from an apps perspective, it's
iPhones all the way You
try out a song, you
know, as part of that
lease deal. And if you
really like it, that's fine.
Exactly. You know, and that's,
I think that's a great
model. And if I don't
know where it zooms going,
but the model is what
I'm talking about. And I
think that's wonderful. And his
phone seven basically, I mean,
it is the Zune HD
with the phone chip set.
Exactly. It is a wonderful
music player. And I actually,
I just got a thing
called a tune link because
my car doesn't have Bluetooth
audio. This is one of
the, one of the great
failures of my life is
that the car that I
just paid off, it doesn't
have Bluetooth audio. And that
wire bugs the heck out
of me. So I bought
this thing called a tune
link that takes your existing
car with its auxiliary audio
in and then makes it
a Bluetooth audio device, which
is wonderful. So it's, it's
the host end of a
Bluetooth audio connection Please. So,
you know, I opened up
the glove compartment and I
hide this, this little cigarette,
lighter looking thing in the
car and plug it into
the ox and I've got
Bluetooth audio and I just
named it Mazda audio. So
I can make my Mazda
feel better about it stuff,
you know, kind of feels
like I upgraded the car
and then the windows phone,
seven streams, Bluetooth directly from
zoom as well as last
FM and all that kind
of stuff. So I, I
listened to whatever the heck
I want to whenever I
want to, without wires in
the car. So, you know,
happiness and love all around.
But what you just said
was so interesting is that
if you're really, really deeply
into your iPhone, if you're
like a power user, it's
you, you, you can't accept
the windows, phone seven as
being so amazing. Yeah. It
is a great phone And
it's funny, the things that
matter. So I mean, I've
played with every phone seven
out there for, you know,
one way or the other,
had a chance to get
my hands on it. And
I've realized that the Samsung
focus catches you with it's
screen, Oh, led style screen.
It's super. And you, and
it's, I, you know, I'm
getting better and better at
when I hand the phone
to someone watch their expressions.
And when that screen first
comes on and it's so
bright and crest, you get
that little, Oh, they literally
sort of pop backward. And
that, and I realized actually
now it's like the first
impression of fact you got
them, they're already done. I
know they're going to love
it. The, the screen on
the focus is so clear
and I figured out what
it is. It's the black,
black part of the screen
is so pure black that
you can't tell where the
screen stops and where the,
the rest of the bezel
ends. Yeah. It's a good
trick. And it's, it's subtle,
isn't it? These little things
they've done. Yeah. I found
the HD seven, which has
got a 4.3 inch screen
just too big. Really? Yeah.
It's just a little, the
difference between there there's some
that are made at 3.8,
some are made at four,
like the focus and some
are 4.3, 4.3 is too
big. That's a sh does
that fit in your back
pocket? That's a huge screen.
All right. You wouldn't wanna
put it in your back
pocket. Cause then you'll sit
down on it and you'll
snap it in half. Yeah.
You know, there's rumors of
like six and seven inch
devices around and I've, you
know, for, for me, a
phone has to fit in
your back pocket. It just
has to yeah. Or your
inside jacket pocket And I
carry a six inch device,
but it's my Kindle. You
carry your Kindle. Yeah, absolutely.
Wow. She, you know, the
thing that, that makes a
device integrate into my life
is the ability to pick
up, start using it immediately
and then have it come
with me without the device
coming with me. So for
example, I'll, I'll read my
Kindle lives in one place.
It lives in my room,
on my nightstand. I'll read
it, I'll put it down.
I'll go somewhere. And then
I'll pick up my iPhone
and I'll run the Kindle
app. And my page is
exactly where I left it.
So the Kindles with it.
Yeah. We do the same
thing. But with two different
Kindles, I have a Kindle
for the road and a
Kindle at my reading spot
in the living room. Oh,
well that's just excessive. Well,
I lost one on an
airplane. Did you know about,
did you hear about my
Kindle on an airplane story?
Yeah. I remember I remember
the dual tweet stream when
you got it Back. Yeah.
I lost it and I
got it back. The airline
employees found it for me
and ironically, they didn't know
what it was. It was
bizarre. They didn't know what
it was. And I had
to explain to them, it
almost got thrown away just
because it was just this
strange white device. I'm surprised
that that even the guy
who handed it to me,
didn't quite understand what was
going on. This was in
Munich, Germany. This was before
the international Kindle. So presumably
they weren't as popular. They
just weren't known out there.
Well, mine came back through
regular channels, but it took
three weeks. And in the
meantime I couldn't live without
my Kindle. So I got
another one. That's awesome. I
just have a short attention
span, man. Like I was
literally in the middle of
a great book and I'd
left it on the plane.
Yeah, no, I had to
get another plugged into the
same account. All the same
books picked up where I
left off. That's pretty sweet.
I did that. I upgraded
my Kindle from the, the
what number are they on
now? Kendall three, three. Yeah.
I took a, I sold
my two. I got my
three and I just said,
you know, sink books. And
they were all there. Yup.
And that's what our device
fits into my life where,
you know, the device has
one foot in the cloud,
so it just works. You
know, that's one of the
things I'd like to see
the Xbox too, because I,
I almost, I almost washed
my Xbox memory card yesterday.
It was in a, in
a pocket of the M
jeans pocket kind of thing.
Yeah. Well, cause with the
Xbox, one of the things
that's unfortunate is that your
windows live pass or your
windows live, you know, account
can only live in one
place. You have to copy
it from the X-Box to
a memory key to another
Xbox I, and you have
two Kindles. I have two
X, X box. And so
I, I keep my memory,
my memory key loaded with
my past, with my Xbox
live account. So I move
it between my office and
in the living room. And
then one day it was
gone and I sat there
for a second and tried
to like, you know, absorb
the wisdom of the universe
and realize that it was
in my breast pocket. And
I remember that because I
never put anything in my
chest pocket. And I just
ran, ran, ran to the,
the, the washing queue and
found it. And it was
like, it's like one of
those cartoons where something is
on a conveyor belt and
headed towards, you know, a
certain doom. My, my memory
card was in the, in
the shirt headed towards the
washer, headed towards certain doom.
I rescued it. That's a
perfect example where that's cheating.
That needs to be in
the cloud. There's no reason
for me to have to
run around, looking for memory
card, plus one day it's
going to die. And then
I am going to be,
Yeah, inevitably it'll fail. You
know, when I've gotten into
a mindset now where I've,
I've realized that SDS and
CFS are damaged by flying
in airplanes, I lose at
least one a year. Wow.
I kill a fair number
of telephones that way too.
So I've got a lot
of dead, dead cell phones
from cosmic rays, really where
I get off the plane
and something's broken on the
phone. You said something about
that to me, once you,
you said that you have
this thing where you kill
devices, like the radiation or
something you observed it, It's
always the same time. It's
when I get off the
plane, that's crazy. I go
to use the phone and
something's broken and it's not
the phone's completely dead. It's
some of the screens garbled
or the Bluetooth doesn't work
anymore. Or it's something I
think I just fly too
much. That's all. Well, there
is a lot of, of
radiation for flying. I mean,
you're absorbing a lot and
if you're flying all day
long, you're definitely paying for
it. It's free. You know,
There is a cost to
flying that much. So it's
not on phones. It's also
hard on CA CFS and
SDS and every soften. I
just have them. I'm done.
I'm just supporting your, your
point here sooner or later,
that card is going to
die. Yeah. It's not immortal.
Hi, this is Scott coming
to you from another place
in time. Are you using
agile practices to manage your
software development? There's lots of
tools in the market that
manage the steps of a
project, but most of them
focus on individual roles. Get
ready for a solution that
caters for the success of
the whole team. Guys at
Tellerik introduced team pulse. It's
an agile project management tool.
That'll help you gather ideas,
estimate plan, track progress in
a common workspace. Finally companies,
regardless of their size can
use a lightweight and convenient
tool that makes all the
stakeholders work as a United
team. Even if they're in
different countries by combining intuitive
user interface and the power
server light team poles removes
the roadblocks that you typically
face and applying agile in
an effective manner, no more
lost data, no disparate systems,
no lack of critical analytics
regarding the health philosophy project.
See if yourself get a
free copy for five users
in one project that tellerik.com/team
pulse. And please do thank
tolerant for supporting Hansel minutes
on their Facebook fan page,
facebook.com/t L E R I
K Tellerik. We do appreciate
it. There wouldn't be a
Hansel minutes. If there wasn't,
Tellerik helping us, You know
what? I'm frustrated with the
X-Box ecosystem. It's things like
that that are, we have
known solutions for like, it
doesn't need to be on
a card, but also why
isn't that game app store
working? This, this should be
a good little business for
people building small games for
the Xbox that people can
buy through their X-Box and
enjoy The indie games stuff
works. I had, I had
a George Klinger man on
last a couple of weeks
ago and he, you know,
he has a nice little
slick thing going on a
X-Box. I mean, it's actually
a tab on Xbox called
indie games. Yeah. You don't
think that works. I mean,
I'm aware of it. I
just don't know how many
people are actually using it.
I can't find anybody who's
buying and selling games in
that form. Well, I think
that's actually the app store
problem at in fact yes.
What you're describing, isn't an
Xbox issue. It's the, the
world's app stores are glutted.
I remember someone saying once
that an eye, the eye
on the average iPhone application
makes about $2,000. Yeah. Right.
It's just the whole long
tail effect for every angry
birds. There's like 15,000 fart
applications. Yeah. Now we're in
the Hollywood model, you know,
0.1% of these apps are
going to be hugely successful
and that will put enough
stars in people's eyes that
they'll keep trying to have
that one big mega hit.
What is that one mega
hit and the amount of,
you know, the amount of
work they always, they always
make it seem like it's
going to easy, but the
amount of work and a
mega hit is just crazy.
Huge. But the, the other
thing that interests me about
angry birds is the marketing
model that, you know, you
can't sell anything in the
app store, the app store.
By the time someone goes
to the app store, they've
got to already be sold.
It's done really. Cause cause
curation is a disaster. You
can't find anything. Yeah. And
every app store has that
problem. You know, his wind
phone, seven's racing towards this
problem right now. And I've,
and I've been saying and
been yelled at for being
so negative. It's like a
hundred thousand apps is a
disaster because it's completely unmanageable.
Nobody's shown me a solution
to manage that many apps.
Yeah. Yeah. It's extremely demotivating
actually. Have you written any
applications, have you thought about
jumping into the whole app
store thing? I've done a
lot of research working with
different teams around the different
app stores and seen this
problem over and over again
and recognize the marketing has
to be entirely external. And
I believe that what I've
read so far by the
angry birds is totally word
of mouth sale. You know,
how do you sell angry
birds by having someone play
angry birds? Is that an
app store thing or is
that just life now? I
mean, from my point of
view, everything is word of
mouth. Like for example, my
parents are buying a blue
Ray player and their number
one source of information about
the blue Ray player is
the reviews on Amazon. So
that means that there is
no marketing anymore. There is
only be awesome. Yep. Right.
Be also only the social
constructs. How do I get
people to talk about my
product, Which is, which is
a good system, except maybe
there's just too many products
and too many people, right.
This implies that people need
to stop. Like you're not
going to be angry birds.
So maybe you should just
stop. What do you think
about that? I tend to
agree. So on another, here's
a whole other layer of
that exact same conversation talking
to associates of mine that
are in the large scale
game industry and let's face
it. There's only a few
companies in this space. So
it's probably pretty apparent who
I'm talking about and them
realizing they make 20, they
can make 25 games a
year with the infrastructure they've
got and five of them
will be hit. And they've
got pretty good formulas now
around understanding which one of
those fives is going to
be. So they're simply cutting
back teams. They're making fewer
products because the other 20
aren't worth the effort. Well,
but that gets into the
commoditization of everything. That just
means that they're certainly they're
focusing on the moneymaker, but
at the same time there
is money and just turning
out this crap. I said,
well, this is the long
tail mindset, but it's, you
know, the problem when you
talk about commercial game development
is that it's a million
dollar plus proposition. There's so
many people that work on
a game in that infrastructure
that it's just not, you
can't throw that money away.
Yeah. Yeah. And I think
this is why we're seeing
the what's interesting to me
about the iPhone app is
this the first time in
a number of years that
two guys in a garage
could make a program that
sells for a long time.
That business model was basically
dead right now. Now it's
back, it's these casual games
and casual apps that run
on phones, but you still
have a gold rush kind
of mentality. You still have,
you know, one in a
thousand or one in 10,001
in 100,000 are going to
be wildly successful and everybody
else is just slugging it
out. Do you think that
that model is going to
transfer over to the, the
web cause I've been playing
with the Chrome web store
and you know, well, it's
interesting in, in cool. I
don't know if I want
to pay 99 cents on my
PC. I mean, I've been
sitting in front of my
PC for 20 years, not
paying 99 cents. I think what
worked about the app store
on the phone was I
haven't spent the last 20
years in Starbucks on a
tiny device and you know,
board and I'll spend 99 cents.
But when I sit down
in front of my big
giant PC surfing the web
for free, and then suddenly
a, an application store makes
me wants to charge me
99 cents to effectively make a
bookmark. I get a little
bit less enthusiastic. Well, it's
amazing how much resistance there
is around the 99 cents sale.
Isn't there. I mean, it's
like I spend five times
that on my latte, but
I don't want to spend
99 cents on this app in
the phone, but you'll go
back to your extra question
on the PC side, their
steam. I don't know if
you're a steam subscriber, The
steam steam is the valve
software application for it's basically
the it's the game. It
is the games app store,
I would say on the
PC. Yeah. And has been
for a year and predates
the iPhone app store. Like
this has been there for
years and years. And the
big thing about steam Munis
gets right back to our
conversation on the Kindle and
so forth is I blow
up machines on a regular
basis and rebuild them. And
as soon as I install
steam put in my account
information, there are my games.
Oh yeah, no flipping disks,
no downloading, no looking for
product keys. The stuff's there.
It's through one portal for
everything. And now I just
won't buy a game if
I can't get it on
steam. It's crazy too, to
try and buy anything any
other way. I also think
that the steam guys, valve
guys have done a really
great job of rolling up
old titles because we're all
getting older and nostalgic, I
picked up all the old
EXCOMM games for $20, five
games. Not that I've played
them at all. Right. But
I just felt good about
owning ex-com again, because I
found the old box somewhere
and it's on three and
a half inch media and
I don't even think I
have one of those drives
anymore. And then I was
able to get them on
steam. Yeah. I think that's
steam is definitely was ahead
of its time. I mean,
it w it, it continues
to be like kind of
the perfect model. I mean,
it has its technical problems,
but you're right. It's, it's
totally cloud based. It just
works. It's it is the
app just works, but I
don't feel like they're nickel
and diming me. It's at
99 cents. You know, they're, they're
always trying to find that
perfect price. And we all
know the psychological effects of
like two 99. What do
you mean two 99? That's
insane. Who would pay two
99 that's too much, but
then 99 cents is just small
enough that it's starting to
feel like death by a
thousand cuts. Well, I know
you don't care so much
of the problem. Faith popcorn
did this. Anything under $20
is effectively free. You'll just
buy it. So then the
question is value and the
pro 99 cents is so low.
You question value, but I
bought flight control HD on
steam for my PC, even
though it is a phone
game for two 99. Really?
Yeah. But I think anything
under the price of a
latte, why would you think
about it? But, you know,
I think you're more comfortable
there than you are at
99 cents. Okay. Well, let's think
about this, this way. The
game is at least a
game. It is understood and
it is finite and it
is a game. Yeah. But
you know, am I going
to spend 99 cents for an
HTML five based canvas icon
editor? You know, I'm just
so used to, to book
things on the web places
I visit not costing me.
Right. I'm not enthusiastic to
do that. And I, and
I don't, I think that
model is not going to
succeed. The customer base is
also tricky. You know, we're,
we're never the customer, we're
the odd docs. What we're
interested in, what we care
about, how we perceive value,
what we know is hard
and easy. We look at
it totally different than the
customer does. And, and so
I would never want to
sell to us Well that,
that, and then that kind
of gets back to the
whole discussion at the beginning
of the, of the, of
the half an hour here,
talking about windows, phone seven.
I mean, I love it.
It's beautiful. It's a wonderful
thing, but I don't think
I'm the target audience. You're
not, I actually had an
interesting discussion with a lady
in line at Qdoba or
the local taco place. And
she, I, she said, you
know, I'm a little bummed.
She has, she had a
phone, I noticed her windows
phone seven. So I said,
Hey, this is a nice
phone. She says, yeah. But,
you know, I thought I
would want copy paste. And
then she said, you know,
but who needs copy paste?
And it was weird to
have an actual human in,
in the public, not just
a Microsoft person say who
needs to copy paste and
say it with a straight
face and really believe Well.
And it's one of those
things where I've now, they've
now used the phone for
a month and not missed
it. Yeah. Yeah. She used
it to a fault. Yeah.
But there, which means she's
not a power user. Yeah.
Right. She's never shared a
link on Twitter and of
course, copy paste is coming.
I guess they said, it's
coming in January or something.
I have no doubt that
they're going to upgrade the
phone and it's going to
get crazier and crazier. And
then things are going to
get really interesting. It's, it's,
it's pretty clear that they're
absolutely where the iPhone was
early on and they're going
to upgrade and upgrade and
upgrade this thing at a
faster speed than the iPhone
did so that it catches
up, you know, but the,
when she said, who, who
needs copy paste? Anyway, I
just knew that I'm not
the target audience. Right. That's
true. Because, you know, I
want to quad process or
phone, You know, the duals
were coming arm is now
manufacturing a dual core processor
in the form format. That
means it's going to happen.
It's going to happen. I,
I fully expect the next
generation of, of windows, phone
hardware to be dual core
probably by the end of
next year. Really. You know,
the thing that I think
is interesting about all of
this mobile stuff, isn't necessarily
the app store, but it
is changing the programming model.
I think it's starting to
make people aware of low
power States of suspending, of
tombstone, of even the benefit
of Fullscreen. I, you know,
that Jeff Atwood from coding
horror has, has long suggested
that we, we run our
applications in full screen. He
doesn't like window management, you
know, he just, you know,
an app either is a
Fullscreen app, or maybe it's
a half a screen. So
he prefers that kind of
tile, all windows way of
doing things. Yeah. But I
think, well, it, again, it
gets into power users do
things differently. I stack many,
many more windows and I've
got the, you know, the
monster 49, 60 by 1600
screen. You do not want
to expand anything over all
those screens. Yeah. Certainly, certainly.
But with multiple monitors and
Fullscreen applications. Yeah. You know,
I find the multitasking on
the iPad to be a
little bit tedious. Yeah. I,
I, it's a little bit
slow. It's not quite all
tab fast enough, but the
single tasking focus of, of
a full screen application combined
with some of the, the
speed of multitasking on a
PC, you know, I just,
let me just say, I
spend a lot of time
shoving windows around and resize
and stuff that I don't
feel I should need to.
Yeah. I'm a minimizer minimize.
I tend, I actually click
on the button, says minimize
everything and then go pick
up the one window I
care about. But again, we're
not the, We're not the
audience. I watch my wife
do it. She's a maximizer.
One window covers the whole
screen. She has two monitors.
They each have a window
covering their whole screen. Yeah.
Well see then that, that
gets into it. Doesn't it?
I mean, you've kind of
nailed it. Right. They're watching
how they do it. And
it's annoying to me, you
know, there's the shared kitchen
PC, what are we doing
with a maximized IAE window
on a, you know, 1920
by 1200 screen. That's the
same. And I'm making windows
smaller and she maximizes them
all. Yeah. Yeah. And she,
when she met my, my
wife has the same thing
with our kitchen PC and
she maximizes the, the browser
as well. So I've just
started hitting control plus just
to make the font bigger,
to justify all those pixels.
Very large. Yeah. I mean,
otherwise it's a huge waste,
right. I mean, I even
start, I'm even starting to
do that with my, my
30 inch monitor just to
control plus make everything bigger,
lean back and pretend that
I'm browsing it 2024. There
you go. Yeah. Icons the
size of your fist. Yeah.
In fact, in fact icons
as big as your fist.
Well, this was a minutia
show I've ever, I've seen
a show. Where's your camera.
Oh yeah. Well, you know,
the one gadget we haven't
talked about is the connect.
Did you get a connect?
Let me guess. You have
to, if you lost one
and you bought one, cause
you couldn't live without it.
No, I haven't lost any
yet, but I think we're
going to end up with
multiple connects in our lives.
I really want to Mount
it to my, to my
PC. Absolutely. What do you
want to do with it
on your PC? Honestly, I
just want to swipe left
and right to move windows
from one monitor to the
next. There you go. That's
just a small thing to
ask. I think I should
build a Ute by existing
webcam though. And that's the
thing. I don't truly understand
the connect hardware. So I,
I can't say what it,
what it does or doesn't
do. And what else Got
a webcam on it? Little,
not a particularly good one.
And it's got the infrared
3d mapper and it's got
directional microphones And presumably some
hardware inside, some kind of
a, I don't know something
that is doing some of
the processing. I don't think
it's just two webcams. Yeah.
There is some logic going
on there. Although there's conversations
happening about the stress, it
puts on an Xbox really.
I think it's saying Couple
of percentage Larger than that
enough that it's, you know,
impacting Xbox. Sure. Look at,
you know, the, the, my
best idea for why you'd
have that connect built into
a monitor is the ultimate,
you know, boss feature that
I can set a group
policy in place with this
particular app can only be
seen by one person. If
another face appears in the
view, it just blacks out
the screen. Hmm. I've had,
I've had, I have not
had that experience. I've had
experiences where it couldn't see
my kids. I don't know
if they were too little
or what I've had experiences
where I'm waving at problems
and it's like, hello? He
doesn't know I'm there. No
I'm saying that's a feature
I want to put in.
We know why do we
want them on our PCs?
Cause you can now use
them as a security device,
but there's a whole other
set of mapping rules. Once
you're working in that three
foot distance. Now you're no
longer looking at arms and
legs so much as shoulders
and faces and things like
that. I'm wondering if we
could eventually build a class
that using the connect features
could determine the emotional state
of the users. Oh yeah.
I frustrated is this guy
research onto that and actually
connect the moles with the
animal game. It's like a
pet animal game does jam
some of that emotional state
stuff based on posture and,
and face. And apparently the
animal tries to show empathy.
Right. It's happening. I mean,
they're getting close to doing
that now. Yeah. But I
just think, thinking about how
I would build software, where
I could respond to the
fact that I can tell
my users getting frustrated, like
how would I change the
behavior of my app? Deal
with a frustrated. Yeah. That
gets dangerously into Clippy territory
where you frown. And then
flip is like, looks like
you're mad at me. Yeah.
Others go, yeah. This now
he pops up. Immediately goes,
Oh, you don't want to
see me and pops away
again. You don't have to
click on anything. It looks
like you don't want to
hear from me. And then
it goes away immediately. I'm
not even going to go
there where if I could
actually see elation, when the
popup comes, then I'm like,
Oh, I'm glad I'm here.
How can I help you?
I don't think our LaFace
is usually light up when
Clippy shows up on our
screen. Yeah. Not, not at
our audience anyway, that I
presume you're looking at all
the cool videos of stuff
that people are doing with
the cadet. You see the
one where the guy put
the connect on the quad
copter? No. So he's actually
flying around. He's got a
connect that's flying. It's it's
very close to, you know,
Hunter killers from Terminator is
here's a machine flying around
and they'd look at the
view through the three D
camera and it can find
the floor and the closest
object, everything, but recognizing John
Connor and trying to shoot
him. Oh my goodness. Yeah.
I need to, sorry. I
need to start hacking. I
need to take my connect
and plug it into my
PC and start seeing what
kind of trouble I can
get into. There's a code
Plex project called N connect.
Yeah. Yeah. That's my buddy
Boris in Mexico about that.
Got them booked for a
dotnet rocks. Very cool. Very
cool. I want to check
that out. All right. Well
thank you so much, Richard Campbell
for, for sitting here. This
may be, this may be
the, the first cancer minutes.
Did we waste their time?
Remember I promise not to
waste your time. You promised.
I think there are, there
are those people who wait
all year for a bigger
campus. And then there were
those people who are like,
Oh Yep. Well, I appreciate
you. I thank you very
much. Thanks. It's always good
to talk to you. There's
been another episode of Hansel
minutes. See you again next
week.